build in parallel and some cleanup (#156)
PerMalmberg/Smooth: README.md

* ESP-IDF v4.x
* GCC 8

Smooth is developed on a Linux machine so how well it compiles using the Windows toolset povided by Espressif is unknown.

> If you are working on Windows or you don't want to install the dependencies on your lokal machine you can use the docker images which are provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are working on Windows or you don't want to install the dependencies on your local machine you can use the docker images which are provided.
```

}
```

> ## Running CI scripts lokaly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running CI scripts locally
```

> If you want to test your changes in Smooth, you need to pass the CI on Github. To test your changes on your lokal system you can use docker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to test your changes in Smooth, you need to pass the CI on Github. To test your changes on your local system you can use docker:
```

- to compile the host binaries: `docker-compose run --rm host ./CI/build_smooth_host.sh`
- to run the host unit test: `docker-compose run --rm -w /src/build/host/test/linux_unit_tests host ./linux_unit_tests`
- to compile the esp32 binaries: `docker-compose run --rm esp32 ./CI/build_smooth_esp32.sh`

> To run all this commands one by one you can run this script: `./CI/build_test.sh`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run these commands at once you can run this script: `./CI/build_test.sh`
```

### Run a host build with TCP ports

On default `docker-compose` is not opening the ports in in the `run` mode. To open the TCP ports for server testing you need to enter the docker image in this way:

`docker-compose run --service-ports --rm host`

> ### choos different release branches for the ESP32 build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Choose different release branches for the ESP32 build
```

For the esp32 binaries the mainline branch is used on default. If you want to use a release branch you have to set the environment variable `ESP_IDF_VERSION`.
Here is an example with the v4.2 release branch:
`ESP_IDF_VERSION=release-v4.2 docker-compose run --rm esp32 ./CI/build_smooth_esp32.sh`

> All release branches are used on the Github CI which are compatible with Smooth for testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In CI, all compatible branches of IDF are checked on each push and pull request.
```
